The Power of Plots - Pymaceutical Analysis

  When examining the box plot we created, it is clear that Capomulin and Ramicane were more effective
than Infubinol and Ceftamin in reducing the overall final tumor volume. Not only were the medians for 
Caponmulin and Ramicane (38.1 and 36.6 respectively), but also the interquartile ranges (7.8 and 9.1 
respectively) for both are lower than the other drugs, suggesting that most of the data for these two
drugs are closer to the median than the data for Infubinol and Ceftamin. This means that data for
Infubinol and Ceftamin are more spread out and less consistent than the data for Capomulin and Ramicane. 
  The next thing I noticed when caluclating the quartiles and outliers was that there was only one
outlier in the entire dataset between the four drugs we were asked to account for. This generally means
that the data for each drug was relatively consistent and can be trusted more than if the data was
spread out and had numerous outliers. The outlier for this particular set was within the Infubinol 
datapoints. The tumor volume was much lower than the rest of the datapoints, suggesting that this
type of result isn't something we can come to expect when using this drug. 
  Lastly, to further the findings from above, Capomulin and Ramicane proved to be the best at fighting
and reducing tumor volumes due to large number of measurements collected compared to the rest of the drugs.
Not only do they both have significantly lower medians and IQRs than the rest of the drugs, but also they 
have more measurements(230 and 228 respectively). With larger sets of data, outliers  are much more likely 
to exist, but the fact that there are zero outliers among Capomulin and Ramicane suggests that the data is 
consistent, accurate and can be trusted.
  If I could make additional graphs that would give us a better sense of the effectiveness of each drug, I would use the
line plot we created that shows each mouse's tumor growth over time for a specific drug and create more similar
graphs for each drug. I could select 5 random IDs per drug and look at the data to see how each drug affected
tumor growth of a particular mouse over time. This would provide clear data that would indentify which drug
was the most effective over the course of the experiment. 
  
